---
title: "Welcome To BEAR"
author: "admin"
date: 2025-04-29T16:23:24Z
draft: false
comments: false
---


Welcome to **BEAR Collision Center,** your premier partner in comprehensive
collision and repair services since 1979. We offer expert services across a
wide range of vehicles, including RVs, Class A trucks, and everything in
between.

[![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/07/circle_RV.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/07/learnMore.png)

## RV Repair

](https://cabear.com/rv-repair/)

[![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/07/circle_largeTruck.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/07/learnMore.png)

## Truck Repair

](https://cabear.com/truck-services/)

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/circle_car.png)

## Car Repair

Our state-of-the-art facility is equipped to handle complex repairs on
composites, aluminum, and steel, ensuring every vehicle receives the utmost
care and precision. Whether your vehicle needs frame pulling, rust removal,
sandblasting or welding our team is ready to to get the job done quickly and
professionally.

[![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/sandblasting-
Icon.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/learnMore.png)

## Sandblasting

](https://cabear.com/media-sandblasting/)

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/WELDING.png)

## Welding

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/frameRepair.png)

## Frame Repair

**BEAR** prides itself on delivering top-quality refinishing services for
vehicles using expert PPG coatings. Our PPG-trained technicians possess deep
expertise in color matching and application techniques, guaranteeing a
flawless finish that restores your vehicle's appearance to its original
beauty. Whether you need a minor touch-up or a complete repaint, our
commitment to excellence and the use of PPG paints ensures that your car not
only looks great but also maintains its value and protection against the
elements.

In addition to vehicle refinishing services, we specialize in creating and
installing custom and replacement decals, stencils, and 3M protective rock
sheets. Our expertise extends to RV decals and vehicle wraps, which can be
ordered directly from the manufacturer or a printing service and installed
onsite. Whether you have a specific custom design or logo in mind for vinyl
decals, or prefer a longer-lasting and more refined painted design, we offer
comprehensive solutions tailored to your preferences. The possibilities for
customization are limitless.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/painting.png)

## Painting  

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/decals-1.png)

## Vehicle Decals  

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/stencilPainting.png)

## Stencil Painting  

**BEAR Collision Cente** r is an ideal partner for insurance-related work,
recognizing the importance of efficiency and quality within the insurance
sector. Whether addressing collision repairs, frame straightening, or
intricate surface preparations, our commitment to excellence is evident in
every facet of our service. We proudly maintain **I-CAR** certification and
**BAR Licensed** , ensuring adherence to industry standards.

Understanding the value of your time and the urgency of returning vehicles
promptly to your customers, we prioritize swift turnaround times. Our
estimates, generated using **Mitchell software,** guarantee accuracy and
consistency in repairs. We prioritize the use of OEM parts whenever possible,
and when not available, we select alternatives of comparable quality, ensuring
peace of mind that every job is executed to the highest standards.

Partner with us and experience the difference. Contact BEAR Collision Service
today to learn how we can support your RV, truck or car insurance needs and
exceed your expectations.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/icar.png)

## I-Car Certified  

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/BarLicensed2-1.png)

## BAR Licensed  

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/mitchell.png)

## Mitchell Estimating

## **_Customer Reviews_**

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/image-3.png)

**Bonnie & Steve S.**

**May 20, 2024 - YELP**

Received the very best service ever. Manager: Michael Flores has skill sets
that are 5 star. Owner: Sam Portillo started this business over 40 years ago.
His knowledge of RV repair and other machinery is astounding and critical.
Patricia, is extremely front window friendly. Makes the wait time fly by a
while taking so many phone calls. The people who work here practice the "seven
habits of highly effective businesses." They could serve as the role model for
a new book by author S. Covey. We are so fortunate they are in the Bay Area. I
smile when we learn someone has had work done by them. Their ideas for the
right fix is superb.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/image.png)

**Xai Z.**

**August 25, 2024 - YELP**

We had an awesome experience here. I give big props to Johnathon! He was so
tentative and very easy to work with! Our black tank valve/sealant broke
completely, called a few places that only had appointments 2 weeks out. We
called the day of and came in within the hour for diagnostics, waited for our
parts to come in about 1 day. And 2 days later got it fixed. They even cleaned
out our tank and everything!!  
FIVE STAR for sure !!

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/image.png)

**Rich C.**

**September 18, 2024 - YELP**

I needed to repaint the front cap on my '18 Rockwood travel trailer, which
started degrading last year (they just don't make em like they used to). I
worked with Michael who was the best. Answered all of my questions and assured
me that I would be completely satisfied. His crew did a fantastic job in
making the cap look better than the day I bought it. Painting around the
windshield had to be a challenge, but it was perfect.  
  
Everyone I encountered at the shop was friendly. Patty in the office quickly
handled the paperwork and treated me like a life long client, which was
greatly appreciated. I highly recommend BEAR, and they will be my 'go-to' shop
moving forward.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/image-3.png)

**Heather W.**

**November 23, 2023 - YELP**

Clean shop, organized secure gated yard, clean reception area, professional
appearance: Worth the wait for an appointment. They are busy for good reason:  
  
I came to Bear Collision from a referral of my RV mechanic. I had some body
damage due to renting out my RV so I was a bit upset. Michael Gomez here at
Bear walked me through the insurance process and what to expect. He was dead
on with how it all worked and kept me from going insane with the process. He
repaired my RV back to new and you can't tell anything was ever wrong. The
door that was torn off works perfectly with no weird sticking spots when you
open or close like I would have expected. The paint color matches the RV
perfectly. You can't tell there was ever a problem.  
  
Michael went above and beyond to help me with another small issue that they
usually don't address but since I was having trouble getting appointments to
handle that at another shop he decided to help me out and take care of it
himself. This RV is my super happy place and it was nice that Michael and the
Team at Bear treated it like was their own happy place.

