---
author: admin
comments: false
date: 2024-08-01 18:47:18+00:00
draft: false
slug: rv-repair
title: RV Repair
type: page
url: /rv-repair/
wordpress_id: 329
---

#### Your Premier Destination for RV Repairs and Services

At **BEAR Collision Center,** we specialize in providing comprehensive RV
services tailored to meet the unique needs of both individual RV owners and
insurance companies. Located conveniently in Hayward, we offer a full spectrum
of expert services to keep your RV in optimal condition and ensure your peace
of mind on the road.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Body Damage

  
From minor bumps to major accidents, our skilled technicians restore your RV
to its pristine condition. This includes aluminum, Composites and steel
repairs.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Refinishing

  
Expert PPG refinishing team will restore your paint to it's original beauty,
or create a new look altogether.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Roof Repairs

  
Expert repairs to ensure your RV's structural integrity and safety including
replacement, repairs and re-sealing.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Plumbing Repairs

  
Swift and reliable solutions for any plumbing issues to keep your water
systems running smoothly. This includes water storage and waste holding system
repairs.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Interior Decor

  
Cabinets, window coverings, flooring, lighting, audio devices, and furniture.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Exterior Amenities

  
Awnings, lights, backup cameras, entry steps, rock chip guards and film, slide
outs, and windshields and windows

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Electrical Repairs and Upgrades

  
Including A/C, furnace, and water heaters, refrigerators, ovens, stoves, and
alarms enhancing comfort and convenience during your travels. BEAR is a
Dometic Authorized dealer.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Custom Vinyl & Paint Graphic Designs

  
Personalize your RV to reflect your style and personality with our custom
designs. This also includes diamond shields and chip protectors.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Insurance Claim Specialist

  
We are a preferred repair center with major insurance companies, handling
claims efficiently to minimize downtime for your RV.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Local Sourcing Fabrication

  
Custom or hard-to-find parts fabricated quickly to get you back on the road
without delay.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Large Facility

  
Equipped to accommodate even the largest buses and RVs, ensuring ample space
for comprehensive repairs.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Detailing and Cleaning

  
First-class detailing services and deep cleaning for impeccable maintenance of
your RV's interior.

![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearpawCircle-1.png)![](https://cabear.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/bearCircle.png)

## Secure Storage

  
Our gated and locked facility provides a secure environment for your RV.

#### Why Choose Us?

  * **Efficiency** : We pride ourselves on completing repairs promptly to minimize downtime and inconvenience for our customers.
  * **Expertise** : Our dedicated team of professionals ensures top-notch workmanship and uses only high-quality materials.
  * **Insurance Specialists** : The **BEAR** team has years of experience working with RV insurance companies and can help walk you through each step of the process with ease.
  * **Convenience** : Located centrally in Hayward, we are easily accessible from surrounding areas, making it convenient for both drop-offs and pick-ups.
  * **Customer Satisfaction** : Our friendly and knowledgeable staff is committed to making the repair process effortless and stress-free for you.
  * **Guaranteed Peace of Mind** : All our workmanship and repair materials are backed by a guarantee for your complete peace of mind.
  * **Hard to find Parts** : BEAR has a local sourced fabrication team that can fix or create an new part. It also has local sourcing for quick replacements.

Whether you're an RV owner seeking reliable repairs or an insurance company
looking for a trusted partner, **BEAR Collison Center** is your go-to
destination. Contact us today to discover how we can assist you with all your
RV service needs. Let us handle the details while you focus on enjoying the
journey ahead.

